While I admire the aspiration behind the proposition that all cars should be electric, as the motion suggests, I believe that such a law would be premature, and potentially deleterious to the goal of societal and ecological progress. My stance against this motion is borne out of considerations on infrastructure cost, geographical considerations, technological limitations and the potential of other alternatives beyond EVs.

To begin with, the sharp transition to electric vehicles necessitates heavy investment in the supporting infrastructure. Technological and physical network for recharging electric vehicles, specifically for densely populated and geographically vast nations, would be an economic challenge. The lion's share of taxpayer money would be directed towards building this new infrastructure, which may potentially detract from other societal priorities like health, education, or even other green initiatives.

On a geographical note, it’s important to recognize that not all countries or regions have sufficient access to electricity or the ability to effectively and efficiently produce electricity in an eco-friendly manner. Mandating all cars to be electric could exacerbate inequality between low and high income nations or regions within nations, as not everyone could afford such a transition.

In terms of technology, while electric cars are certainly on the cutting edge, it's also true that the technology still needs to mature. Current limitations include varied battery life based on climatic conditions, long charge times and the lifespan of the expensive battery itself. A complete transition to electric cars should logically happen after these obstacles have been overcome.

Last but not least, singling out electric cars as the sole solution to the automotive pollution problem ignores the significant potential of other alternative fuel options like hydrogen fuel cells, biofuels or even better and more efficient internal combustion engines designs. While electric cars are nascent technology and need further development, so do these alternatives. A diversified playing field with multiple options could well prove more viable in the long run.

In summary, while the thrust towards electric transportation is commendable, the introduction of a law forcing an immediate, absolute transition to electric cars is a step too far. It would be more apt to gradually encourage and facilitate the adoption of EVs while still allowing and stimulating other options to evolve. This minimizes economic shock, respects the diverse geographical contexts and bases our ecological progress on a more efficient, affordable, inclusive technology that serves a greater percentage of the global population. Therefore, I respectfully oppose the motion at hand.